Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
What happened to her?
Well, she just suddenly collapsed...
What on earth?
Did she faint from some sort of condition?
Huh?!
You're the one who visits
our store all the time.
What's wrong?
Ah, I'm a huge idiot!
I ended up back here after doing
nothing but part-time work again!
If I showed them the drawings on my tablet,
I'm sure they'd ask me to make a
game with me as head illustrator!
I'm not cut out to be a protag at all!
Next time for sure!
I-I didn't realize she was so unstable.
I still have a chance!
Good things come in threes!
I know I can return to the past again!
16bit Sensation:
Another Layer
"Good Things Come in Threes!"
The games I got from that granny's shop...
Both times I opened the boxes,
I was sent back into the past.
The first date was before Christmas 1992,
and the second date was...
the day Kizuato came out: July 26, 1996.
The release date for Doukyuusei was...
December 17, 1992!
I knew it!
I'm going back to the day that
the game I open came out!
And whenever I open a
package, it disappears!
That's right!
That must be how it works!
I should try opening another
game, just to make sure.
I should pick a game that's as close as
possible to when I went back before.
There!
I can't travel back in time
with just any ordinary game.
It has to be a game from that shop...
Why are there so many games missing?
What games did I have here again?
Could it be that history has changed?!
Is this because of what I did?
Nuh-uh! That can't be it!
That can't be it! No way!
I mean, all I did was work
part-time for Alcohol Soft!
Seriously, I haven't done a single thing!
But if something I did in
the past caused this...
Maybe I should just stop...
It's all too...
Blue Bell
I'm so sick of my job...
No, no!
I wanna go back to Alcohol Soft!
I wanna see everyone from
Alcohol Soft again!
Maybe one more time wouldn't hurt...
I get it now!
I won't do anything!
I'll lay nice and low, like
a fugitive on the run!
I bet it's just coincidence
that my games went missing!
That's right!
It must have been a burglar
who only steals eroge!
I'll just lay low this time around!
The game closest to when
I went back last time...
This one?
Kanon, released on June 4, 1999!
Uguu!
There's one month left until July,
Nostradamus's "prophecy of the end of mankind"
Everybody's reactions, one month before July 1999
In the seventh month of
1999, a great King of Terror
will come from the sky
when Nostradamus predicted a great
King of Terror would appear!
The year 1999!
What?!
Alcohol Soft is gone!
Th-This is my company's...
Blue Bell's office building!
Did I fail to go back in time?!
Do you have some business with us?
What? Kono-chan?!
Alcohol Soft
Kao-san!
Kono-chan!
Kaori-san!
You went and disappeared on us again!
Goodness!
You haven't changed a bit, Kono-chan!
It's amazing how you look exactly the same!
What have you been up to?!
U-Um...
Well, you could say I went to
go get a change of clothes...
Three years to go change clothes?
You sure are a joker.
Wanna work part-time again?
I always make the weirdest appearances,
but they're welcoming me with open arms!
I'm so happy!
Everyone's so nice here!
Alcohol Soft turned into this huge building?
That's right.
As part of the redevelopment
here in Akihabara.
Just look at how much space we
have now in our development room.
Ta-dah!
Game cabinets!
Arcade! It's an arcade!
All of it is thanks to
our game becoming a hit!
Do you
remember
that star?
The latest
Alcohol
Soft title!
You know, the game you
helped us make, Horoscope!
We ended up selling over 100,000 copies!
We released a sequel
as well as a fandisc...
I never thought we'd put out a fandisc!
Booyah!
We hired more people as well!
I'm Hashimoto, in charge of marketing.
I also manage the fan club.
I'm Kikiko, scenario writer!
I'm Lalako!
We're twins!
Are those your real names?
They're our pen names!
My real name is Senri Koyama.
Mine is Mari.
Call us Kikilala!
We're not done yet!
I'm Yuki, on the graphics team.
I'm Kamiyama.
I'm Minamizato.
I'm Haruhiko, in charge of music.
So is she the legendary
phantom staff member?
That's right.
Kono-chan is a mysterious graphic artist
who shows up once every few years.
She may not look it, but she's a
real veteran here at this company!
Isn't that right, Kono-chan?
Th-That's right!
I may not look it, but I'm a real
veteran here at this company!
Ahem!
Let me introduce myself.
My name is Konoha Akisato!
My favorite food is anything sweet!
My specialty is doing impressions of
a VTuber reading off Super Chats!
Wow! Thanks, everyone!
It's nice to meet all of you!
I-It's nice to meet you.
And back there, feeling totally out of place,
is our veteran old-timer staff member!
Who're you calling an old-timer?
M-Mamoru-kun...
H-Hey there.
R-Rocking the glasses look, huh?
Mamoru-kun's looking even older now!
And way scarier to boot!
How many times are you going
to show up like this?
Huh?
Vanishing out of the blue like you did,
only to show up again, out of the blue.
At least tell me how it all works.
Y-You see, Mamoru-kun...
I figured it out!
How the time travel works!
What?
See, when I open up a game...
A game?
How's it hangin'?!
You folks better not be goofing off!
Manager!
The only one goofing off here is you!
You're always out of the office partying!
Just look at that awful getup!
The spitting image of a president
who's suddenly got cash to burn.
Whoa, harsh words there, missy!
But I've got just the thing to shut you up!
Hear me out, Kaori!
I'm about to say something amazing!
What is it?
Spare us the theatrics
and spit it out already!
Our game...
is going to be released on console!
What?! On console?!
Alcohol Soft
C-Console...
Don't give me that nonsense!
I'm not joking here!
Take it away, Gaya-san!
Heya!
I'm Ichigaya, from Diamond Studio!
What?!
Wait, by Ichigaya, do you mean
the one and only Ichigaya-san?!
Hit-Maker Special Feature
Hit-Maker Special F
On the History and Future of Games
Fire Dragon...
Genius Producer
Ichigaya...
He created the Fire Dragon series!
Even I've heard of him!
I've spent so much time on those games!
Wow!
A celebrity!
What's he doing here?
Mamoru-kun, who's that?
I vaguely recall that name.
I've been a long time fan of Alcohol Soft!
I played your latest game, Horoscope.
It was wonderful!
I can just see it now!
We're about to enter the age of bishojo!
Console ports of bishojo games have
been thriving for a while now!
The Mystery of Nonomura Hospital!
Doukyuusei! Kakyuusei!
YU-NO!
Can Can Bunny Premiere 2!
They've all been hits!
However!
The morons in the industry have been
turning a blind eye to that fact!
Refusing to acknowledge bishojo while
using them to rake in the cash!
You may be right.
There are a lot of folks who
are ashamed of bishojo.
However!
The times are changing!
In this economic recession, bishojo
are the one thing continuing to grow!
They're booming like crazy!
The biggest genre of the 21st
century is going to be bishojo!
I guarantee it!
We at Diamond Studio have a proven
record of porting games over to console.
Won't you trust us with producing the
port of Alcohol Soft's Horoscope?
It'll be a masterpiece that surpasses
the console version of To Heart!
Everyone from Alcohol Soft,
let us join hands...
Gaya-san!
And start a worldwide revolution!
That's all from me!
Well? Well?
Isn't it amazing?
The famous Ichigaya!
What a surprise!
I had no idea you knew a celebrity like him!
Well... I guess it was a little surprising.
I wasn't just drinking myself
silly for nothing out there!
I'm expanding my network every day!
You'll say yes to the port, right?
I'm all for it!
Well, there doesn't seem
to be any downside for us.
Sure, why not.
Wow! Amazing!
We're gonna go mainstream with this!
A console game!
Wow!
I wonder what platform they'll target!
Kono-chan!
Meiko-san!
We did it!
A console game! Console!
It's like I'm in a dream!
You're not dreaming!
It is my dream, though!
It wasn't just a dream!
And so, when I open up one of these
games, I travel back in time.
Not that I know why it happens.
And you end up on the day
that the game was released?
Mamoru-kun, do you know how it works?
How the hell would I?
Maybe I should try opening another one.
Stop it!
What if it sends you back further in time?
Y-You're right...
U-Um...
Um, like, you see...
There's one teensy thing that's weird.
What is it?
Every time I go back,
there are games missing from my place.
My eroge.
Do you mean they disappeared?
I-It's probably just a burglar
who only steals eroge!
Are there burglars like that in the future?
N-Not really...
Then don't mention it!
M-Maybe I've been changing history...
The possibility...
made me a little bit scared.
Hey, weren't you the one who told me
that it's okay to change history?
M-Maybe I did...
What was the point of that, then?!
W-Well, seeing those games disappear
right off my shelf took me by surprise.
I mean, I'm sure it's totally unrelated!
Well, I'm sure you wouldn't get it!
Guess you could call it
a time traveler problem.
You really get on my nerves.
In that case, why did you come here?
Huh?
If you don't want to change
history, why did you come here?
Th-That's because...
I-I wanted to meet the people here!
Everyone at Alcohol Soft!
The truth is, I came here because
I wanted to make a game!
Same goes for last time!
But it's fine now if I don't get to!
I'm trying to behave myself!
I won't change history, and I don't
mind if all I do is part-time work!
I won't even talk to anyone!
There's no way you can pull that off.
Whoa!
You think I'm just a big, fat wimp!
That's wimp discrimination!
It's impossible.
Besides, what's the point in doing that?
What exactly did you come here to do?
W-Well...
Okay, let's decide on what everyone
will be doing for the console port.
Conference Room
Occupied
Kaori
Director
I'll be the director...
The director of a console game!
Next, Mei-chan will do the
designs for two new characters.
Sure thing!
How nerve-wracking...
Hey, how come I'm not in
charge of the new scenarios?
I did the original scenario for this game!
Kaori - Director
Meiko - Character Designs
Kikilala...
I know you'll add in sex scenes, so no way!
You focus on fixing up the main scenario!
The new story segments will
be left to Kikilala-chan!
'Kay!
They're our writers for all-ages content!
How wishy-washy!
Mamocchi.
You'll handle the system, won't you?
Mamocchi!
Are you paying attention?
Y-Yeah, got it.
Diamond will be lending us a
specialized development kit,
so I don't foresee any problems.
You're not going to be developing
on a DOS/V machine?
It's finally time for you
to make your debut, huh?
I'll be working on a PC-98, of course.
Also, for a console release,
we'll need to make an animated opening,
and hire voice actresses
to voice the characters...
Um, Konoha-san.
You're really okay with performing
chores as a part-timer?
Yes!
Just let me know if you
have any errands for me!
Why are you whispering?
Oh, don't mind me!
I'm just trying to influence
things as little as possible!
Influence?
Okay, I think that covers
it for today's meeting!
Kono-chan?
Why do you have a mop?
Konoha-san insisted strongly on
being assigned to cleaning duty.
That's right.
Why?
We've got plenty of
illustration work for you.
Well, it's just for this once...
How should the additional characters look?
Let me think...
Kyonshi-san!
Please give it some proper thought!
I'm thinking!
Hurry!
Yeah, yeah.
One "yes" will do!
Yeah, yeah...
This is nice...
•Top
•Profile
•Published Works
•Contact
Hikaru Ichigaya's Home Page
Production Experience
Games  Fire Dragon Series
Wrestling  All Japan Rings
Theater  Making Games for a Living!
Restaurants  Kogyaru Club
Unauthorized reproduction and use of the contents, text,
images, etc. on this website are strictly forbidden.
Furthermore, all news sites, round-up sites, etc. are
firmly prohibited from quoting this website.
Please direct all inquiries to my e-mail address
Hikaru Ichigaya
Birthday: August 8, 1962
Age: 36   Blood type: A
Profile
Dad, are you really going forward
with the console release?
Huh?!
You bet I am!
Isn't this what you wanted?
I know you used to hate eroge.
All that talk of working
on something way bigger!
A port wasn't what I had in mind.
Now's your chance to strut your stuff!
Things are about to get busy!
Gaya-san!
Ichigaya-san
Voicemail        Sub-menu
Ah, Gaya-san?
I'm down! I'm down!
Where are you right now?!
See ya!
I am a maid! Your very own maid!
Cleaning, laundry, cooking, hm-hm-hmm!
Mamoru-kun?
Mamoru-kun!
Hey, didn't you say you were going
to steer clear of everyone?
You don't count, Mamoru-kun!
I can finally talk normally!
Everyone's real fired up
about the console game!
How nice...
Yeah.
It's been a while since I've
seen Dad so motivated.
He's been out of the loop on
company matters for a while.
He can't keep up with all the changes
bishojo games have been going through.
All he does every night is go out drinking.
I don't think he knows the first
thing about Windows games.
I guess the Windows phobia
runs in the family!
Which is why, with this console game offer,
Dad must have wanted to show Kaori and
Meiko that he could still be useful.
Hey.
What do you think about a console release?
Huh?
Never mind.
I know I shouldn't ask you.
A console release sounds great to me!
I'd totally go for it!
Everyone in the office
is so excited about it!
Are you really gonna stick
to doing menial tasks?
I thought you wanted to make a game.
Deep down, I want to work on the game, too.
But everyone else is trying so hard,
without time travel or anything.
It doesn't feel right for
me to butt in on that.
I'm just fine handling the chores!
No matter the era I'm in, this
is what it's like for me!
Ow, ow...
Ah, this sucks!
All of my hard work!
Come over
Kogyaru Club
Wait...
What's that?
Where'd you get this garbage?
That trash bag is from when
I cleaned the garage just now.
This is a cosplay club run by Ichigaya.
•Top
•Profile
•Published Works
•Contact
Hikaru Ichigaya's Home Page
Production Experience
Games  Fire Dragon Series
Wrestling  All Japan Rings
Theater  Making Games for a Living!
Restaurants  Kogyaru Club
Unauthorized reproduction and use of the contents, text,
images, etc. on this website are strictly forbidden.
Furthermore, all news sites, round-up sites, etc. are
firmly prohibited from quoting this website.
Please direct all inquiries to my e-mail address
Hikaru Ichigaya
Birthday: August 8, 1962
Age: 36   Blood type: A
Profile
I saw it on his website.
Theater  Making Games for a Living!
Restaurants  Kogyaru Club
Maybe it's time I looked
into this Ichigaya...
"Believe in Me!"↵
HELP for help
MENU1      MENU2     MENU3      SPLIT         FIND           REPLACE      CUT         COPY       PASTE     TAG:JP
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk